Hello everyone, and welcome to phyloseminar.org. We encourage questions
during the talk, if you have a question please go ahead and type your
question into the meeting message box.

This is the third talk in a three-part series of talks describing
biophysical aspects of molecular evolution. First we heard from David
Liberles, last month we heard from Richard Goldstein, and today we are
very lucky to have his collaborator David Pollock. Then we are going to
take a little break for the summer and then start up again with probably
a session about rates and dates.

David Pollock began his career as an undergraduate in Allan Wilson's
laboratory at UC Berkeley. Then after a stint at the NCI, he received his
Ph.D. in Biological Sciences from Stanford University in 1995 working
with Ward Watt and Marc Feldman. He then spent three years at the
National Institute for Medical Research in London and UC Berkeley on a
Hitchings-Elion Fellowship from the Wellcome Trust working with Willie
Taylor, Nick Goldman, and Monty Slatkin. He then spent almost two years
at Los Alamos National Laboratories, followed by six years at Louisiana
State University prior to coming to the University of Colorado. Dr.
Pollock's research interests are in evolutionary genomics and molecular
evolution, particularly the interaction between protein sequence,
structure, and function, and molecular coevolution within and between
proteins.

  His talk today is entitled 'Adaptation, coevolution, and convergence in
the context of protein thermodynamics'
